docs/pages/sdk/typescript/prool/setup.mdx, before:

# Setup

Setup infinite pooled Tempo node instances in TypeScript using [`prool`](https://github.com/wevm/prool) by following the steps below.

::::steps

## Install

:::code-group
```bash [npm]
npm i prool
```

```bash [pnpm]
pnpm i prool
```

```bash [bun]
bun i prool
```
:::

- [Prool](https://github.com/wevm/prool) is a library that provides programmatic HTTP testing instances for Ethereum.

## Create Instance

You can programmatically start a Tempo node instance in TypeScript using `Instance.tempo`:

```ts
import { Instance, Server } from 'prool'

const server = Server.create({
  instance: Instance.tempo(),
});

// Start the node
await server.start()
// Instances available at: 
// - http://localhost:8545/1
// - http://localhost:8545/2
// - http://localhost:8545/3
// - http://localhost:8545/4
// - http://localhost:8545/n
```

:::tip
You can also set up the Tempo instance using `Instance.tempo` directly if you
do not need pooling.

```ts
import { Instance } from 'prool';

const instance = Instance.tempo()

// Start the node
await instance.start()
// Instance available at: http://localhost:8545
```
:::

## Next Steps

After you have set up Tempo with Prool, you can now:

- Easily use Tempo in your test suite with Vitest
- Run Tempo locally alongside your Vite or Next.js development server

::::

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/sdk/typescript/prool/setup.mdx, after:

---
title: Prool Setup for Tempo TypeScript SDK
description: Set up infinite pooled Tempo node instances in TypeScript with Prool for testing and local development of blockchain applications.
---

# Setup

Setup infinite pooled Tempo node instances in TypeScript using [`prool`](https://github.com/wevm/prool) by following the steps below.

::::steps

## Install

:::code-group
```bash [npm]
npm i prool
```

```bash [pnpm]
pnpm i prool
```

```bash [bun]
bun i prool
```
:::

- [Prool](https://github.com/wevm/prool) is a library that provides programmatic HTTP testing instances for Ethereum.

## Create Instance

You can programmatically start a Tempo node instance in TypeScript using `Instance.tempo`:

```ts
import { Instance, Server } from 'prool'

const server = Server.create({
  instance: Instance.tempo(),
});

// Start the node
await server.start()
// Instances available at: 
// - http://localhost:8545/1
// - http://localhost:8545/2
// - http://localhost:8545/3
// - http://localhost:8545/4
// - http://localhost:8545/n
```

:::tip
You can also set up the Tempo instance using `Instance.tempo` directly if you
do not need pooling.

```ts
import { Instance } from 'prool';

const instance = Instance.tempo()

// Start the node
await instance.start()
// Instance available at: http://localhost:8545
```
:::

## Next Steps

After you have set up Tempo with Prool, you can now:

- Easily use Tempo in your test suite with Vitest
- Run Tempo locally alongside your Vite or Next.js development server

::::
