docs/pages/sdk/foundry/index.mdx, before:

# Foundry for Tempo

Tempo builds on top of [Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry): the leading Ethereum development toolkit, through a custom fork that adds first-class support for Tempo.

This fork extends Foundry with Tempo's [protocol-level features](/protocol/), enabling developers to build, test, and deploy contracts that go [beyond the limits of standard EVM chains](/quickstart/evm-compatibility).

For general information about Foundry, see the [Foundry documentation](https://getfoundry.sh/).

## Get started with Foundry

### Install using `foundryup`

Tempo's Foundry fork is installed through the standard upstream `foundryup` using the `-n tempo` flag, no separate installer is required.

Getting started is very easy:

Install regular `foundryup`:

```bash
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
```

Or if you already have `foundryup` installed:

```bash
foundryup --update
```

Next, run:

```bash
foundryup -n tempo
```

It will automatically install the latest `nightly` release of the precompiled binaries: [`forge`](https://getfoundry.sh/forge/overview#forge) and [`cast`](https://getfoundry.sh/cast/overview#cast).

To install a specific version, replace `<TAG_NAME>` with the desired release tag:

```bash
foundryup -n tempo -i <TAG_NAME>
```

### Verify Installation

```bash
forge -V
```

You should see version information include `-tempo`, indicating you are using the Tempo fork.

```bash
# forge <version>-tempo (<commit> <timestamp>)
```

### Create a new Foundry project

Initialize a new project with Tempo support:

```bash
forge init -n tempo my-project && cd my-project
```

Each new project is configured for Tempo out of the box, with [`tempo-std`](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-std), the Tempo standard library installed, containing helpers for Tempo's protocol-level features.

## Use Foundry for your workflows

All standard Foundry commands are supported out of the box.

### Test & deploy with `forge` locally

```bash
# Build your contracts
forge build

# Run all tests locally
forge test

# Run deployment scripts locally
forge script script/Mail.s.sol
```

### Test & deploy with `forge` on Tempo Testnet

```bash
# Set environment variables
export TEMPO_RPC_URL=https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
export VERIFIER_URL=https://contracts.tempo.xyz

# Optional: create a new keypair and request some testnet tokens from the faucet.
cast wallet new
cast rpc tempo_fundAddress <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Run all tests on Tempo's testnet
forge test

# Deploy a simple contract
forge create src/Mail.sol:Mail \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --broadcast \
  --verify \
  --constructor-args 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001

# Deploy a simple contract with custom fee token
forge create src/Mail.sol:Mail \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --broadcast \
  --verify \
  --constructor-args 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001

# Run a deployment script and verify on Tempo's explorer
forge script script/Mail.s.sol \
  --sig "run(string)" <SALT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --sender <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --broadcast \
  --verify

# Run a deployment script with custom fee token and verify on Tempo's explorer
forge script script/Mail.s.sol \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --sig "run(string)" <SALT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --sender <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --broadcast \
  --verify
```

### Interact & debug with `cast`

```bash
# Check that your contract is deployed:
cast code <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Interact with the contract, retrieving the token address:
cast call <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> "token()" \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Get the name of an ERC20 token:
cast erc20 name <TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Check the ERC20 token balance of your address:
cast erc20 balance <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Transfer some of your ERC20 tokens:
cast erc20 transfer <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <RECEIVER_ADDRESS> <AMOUNT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Transfer some of your ERC20 tokens with custom fee token:
cast erc20 transfer <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <RECEIVER_ADDRESS> <AMOUNT> \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS>
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Send a transaction with custom fee token:
cast send <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> <FUNCTION_SIGNATURE> \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Replay a transaction by hash:
cast run <TX_HASH> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL
```

### Limitations

Ledger and Trezor wallets are not yet compatible with the `--fee-token` option.

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/sdk/foundry/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Foundry SDK for Tempo
description: Build, test, and deploy smart contracts on Tempo using the Foundry fork. Access protocol-level features with forge and cast tools.
---

# Foundry for Tempo

Tempo builds on top of [Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry): the leading Ethereum development toolkit, through a custom fork that adds first-class support for Tempo.

This fork extends Foundry with Tempo's [protocol-level features](/protocol/), enabling developers to build, test, and deploy contracts that go [beyond the limits of standard EVM chains](/quickstart/evm-compatibility).

For general information about Foundry, see the [Foundry documentation](https://getfoundry.sh/).

## Get started with Foundry

### Install using `foundryup`

Tempo's Foundry fork is installed through the standard upstream `foundryup` using the `-n tempo` flag, no separate installer is required.

Getting started is very easy:

Install regular `foundryup`:

```bash
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
```

Or if you already have `foundryup` installed:

```bash
foundryup --update
```

Next, run:

```bash
foundryup -n tempo
```

It will automatically install the latest `nightly` release of the precompiled binaries: [`forge`](https://getfoundry.sh/forge/overview#forge) and [`cast`](https://getfoundry.sh/cast/overview#cast).

To install a specific version, replace `<TAG_NAME>` with the desired release tag:

```bash
foundryup -n tempo -i <TAG_NAME>
```

### Verify Installation

```bash
forge -V
```

You should see version information include `-tempo`, indicating you are using the Tempo fork.

```bash
# forge <version>-tempo (<commit> <timestamp>)
```

### Create a new Foundry project

Initialize a new project with Tempo support:

```bash
forge init -n tempo my-project && cd my-project
```

Each new project is configured for Tempo out of the box, with [`tempo-std`](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-std), the Tempo standard library installed, containing helpers for Tempo's protocol-level features.

## Use Foundry for your workflows

All standard Foundry commands are supported out of the box.

### Test & deploy with `forge` locally

```bash
# Build your contracts
forge build

# Run all tests locally
forge test

# Run deployment scripts locally
forge script script/Mail.s.sol
```

### Test & deploy with `forge` on Tempo Testnet

```bash
# Set environment variables
export TEMPO_RPC_URL=https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
export VERIFIER_URL=https://contracts.tempo.xyz

# Optional: create a new keypair and request some testnet tokens from the faucet.
cast wallet new
cast rpc tempo_fundAddress <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Run all tests on Tempo's testnet
forge test

# Deploy a simple contract
forge create src/Mail.sol:Mail \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --broadcast \
  --verify \
  --constructor-args 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001

# Deploy a simple contract with custom fee token
forge create src/Mail.sol:Mail \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --broadcast \
  --verify \
  --constructor-args 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001

# Run a deployment script and verify on Tempo's explorer
forge script script/Mail.s.sol \
  --sig "run(string)" <SALT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --sender <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --broadcast \
  --verify

# Run a deployment script with custom fee token and verify on Tempo's explorer
forge script script/Mail.s.sol \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --sig "run(string)" <SALT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive \
  --sender <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --broadcast \
  --verify
```

### Interact & debug with `cast`

```bash
# Check that your contract is deployed:
cast code <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Interact with the contract, retrieving the token address:
cast call <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> "token()" \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Get the name of an ERC20 token:
cast erc20 name <TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Check the ERC20 token balance of your address:
cast erc20 balance <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL

# Transfer some of your ERC20 tokens:
cast erc20 transfer <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <RECEIVER_ADDRESS> <AMOUNT> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Transfer some of your ERC20 tokens with custom fee token:
cast erc20 transfer <TOKEN_ADDRESS> <RECEIVER_ADDRESS> <AMOUNT> \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS>
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Send a transaction with custom fee token:
cast send <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> <FUNCTION_SIGNATURE> \
  --fee-token <FEE_TOKEN_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL \
  --interactive

# Replay a transaction by hash:
cast run <TX_HASH> \
  --rpc-url $TEMPO_RPC_URL
```

### Limitations

Ledger and Trezor wallets are not yet compatible with the `--fee-token` option.
