docs/pages/quickstart/connection-details.mdx, before:

---
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import { ConnectWallet } from '../../components/ConnectWallet.tsx'

## Connect to the Network

You can connect with the Tempo Testnet like you would with any other EVM chain.

### Connect using a Browser Wallet

Click on your browser wallet below to automatically connect it to the Tempo Testnet.

<ConnectWallet />

:::warning
Note that on some wallets, you might see an unusually high "balance". This is because, historically, blockchain wallets have always assumed that a blockchain has a "native gas token". On Tempo, there is no native gas token, and so the value shown is a placeholder. See [EVM Differences](/quickstart/evm-compatibility#handling-eth-balance-checks) for more information on this quirk.
:::

### Connect via CLI

To connect via CLI, we recommend using [`cast`](https://getfoundry.sh/cast/overview/), which is a command-line tool for interacting with Ethereum networks. To install cast, you can read more in the [Foundry SDK docs](/sdk/foundry#get-started-with-foundry).

```bash /dev/null/monitor.sh#L1-11
# Check block height (should be steadily increasing)
cast block-number --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```

### Direct Connection Details

If you're manually connecting to Tempo Testnet, you can use the following details:

| **Property** | **Value** |
|-------------------|-------|
| **Network Name** | Tempo Testnet (Moderato) |
| **Currency** | `USD` |
| **Chain ID** | `42431` |
| **HTTP URL** | `https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **WebSocket URL** | `wss://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **Block Explorer** | [`https://explore.tempo.xyz`](https://explore.tempo.xyz) |

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/quickstart/connection-details.mdx, after:

---
title: Connect to Tempo Network
description: Connect to Tempo Testnet using browser wallets, CLI tools, or direct RPC endpoints. Get chain ID, URLs, and configuration details.
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import { ConnectWallet } from '../../components/ConnectWallet.tsx'

## Connect to the Network

You can connect with the Tempo Testnet like you would with any other EVM chain.

### Connect using a Browser Wallet

Click on your browser wallet below to automatically connect it to the Tempo Testnet.

<ConnectWallet />

:::warning
Note that on some wallets, you might see an unusually high "balance". This is because, historically, blockchain wallets have always assumed that a blockchain has a "native gas token". On Tempo, there is no native gas token, and so the value shown is a placeholder. See [EVM Differences](/quickstart/evm-compatibility#handling-eth-balance-checks) for more information on this quirk.
:::

### Connect via CLI

To connect via CLI, we recommend using [`cast`](https://getfoundry.sh/cast/overview/), which is a command-line tool for interacting with Ethereum networks. To install cast, you can read more in the [Foundry SDK docs](/sdk/foundry#get-started-with-foundry).

```bash /dev/null/monitor.sh#L1-11
# Check block height (should be steadily increasing)
cast block-number --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```

### Direct Connection Details

If you're manually connecting to Tempo Testnet, you can use the following details:

| **Property** | **Value** |
|-------------------|-------|
| **Network Name** | Tempo Testnet (Moderato) |
| **Currency** | `USD` |
| **Chain ID** | `42431` |
| **HTTP URL** | `https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **WebSocket URL** | `wss://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **Block Explorer** | [`https://explore.tempo.xyz`](https://explore.tempo.xyz) |
