docs/pages/quickstart/developer-tools.mdx, before:

import LucideHammer from '~icons/lucide/hammer'
import LucideBarChart from '~icons/lucide/bar-chart'
import LucideWallet from '~icons/lucide/wallet'
import LucideServer from '~icons/lucide/server'
import LucideShield from '~icons/lucide/shield'
import LucidePackage from '~icons/lucide/package'
import LucideSearch from '~icons/lucide/search'
import * as Card from "../../components/Card.tsx"

# Developer Tools

Integrating with Tempo is easy by leveraging services provided by our infrastructure partners. These partners take advantage of Tempo transactions, TIP-20 tokens, and more. Visit their documentation for more information on how to get started.

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Query blockchain data with indexers, analytics platforms, and monitoring tools"
    href="#data--analytics"
    icon={LucideBarChart}
    title="Data & Analytics"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="View transactions, blocks, accounts, and token activity on Tempo"
    href="#block-explorers"
    icon={LucideSearch}
    title="Block Explorers"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Integrate user-friendly wallet experiences directly into your application"
    href="#embedded-wallets"
    icon={LucideWallet}
    title="Embedded Wallets"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Build with account abstraction and programmable smart contract wallets"
    href="#smart-contract-libraries"
    icon={LucideWallet}
    title="Smart Contract Libraries"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Connect to Tempo with reliable RPC endpoints and managed node services"
    href="#node-infrastructure"
    icon={LucideServer}
    title="Node Infrastructure"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Build on Tempo with official SDKs for TypeScript, Go, Foundry, and Rust"
    href="/sdk"
    icon={LucidePackage}
    title="Tempo SDKs"
  />
</Card.Container>

<Card.Notice
  icon={LucideHammer}
  title="Are you building a developer product on Tempo?"
  inline
>
  <p>Reach out to <a href="mailto:partners@tempo.xyz">get listed on this page</a>.</p>
</Card.Notice>

## Data & Analytics

### Goldsky

[Goldsky](https://goldsky.com) makes it easy to access real-time Tempo data with minimal maintenance. Goldsky offers two core products for indexing and streaming onchain data:

- **[Subgraphs](https://docs.goldsky.com/subgraphs/):** A fully backwards-compatible subgraph indexing solution that handles reorgs, RPC failures, and scaling automatically, with improved reliability and performance over traditional subgraph hosts.
- **[Mirror](https://docs.goldsky.com/mirror/):** A simple way to replicate subgraph or chain-level streams directly into your own databases or message queues, powering flexible front-end and back-end data pipelines.

Start indexing Tempo [here](https://goldsky.com/chains/tempo).


### Allium

[Allium](https://www.allium.so) is an enterprise blockchain data platform that delivers real-time, analytics-ready datasets through a unified schema across chains. Developers can fetch wallet, token, and price data in milliseconds without managing infrastructure, decoding raw data, or inferring transactions—making it easy to focus on building Tempo applications.

Get access to Tempo data through the [Allium App](https://app.allium.so/join), explore the full API in the [Allium docs](https://docs.allium.so/), and browse real examples of production apps built on Allium [here](https://docs.allium.so/api/developer/overview).


### Range

[Range](https://www.range.org) powers the Stablecoin Explorer, which provides a unified view of major stablecoins across 100+ chains. Tempo is fully supported, allowing developers and users to trace stablecoin flows in a way traditional explorers cannot.

Range stands out through:
- **Complete cross-chain visibility**, showing the entire lifecycle of a transfer in one place  
- **Enriched context**, including bridge routes, verified entities, and risk signals  
- **Built-in compliance checks** via global sanctions lists  

Explore Tempo activity in the [Stablecoin Explorer](https://explorer.money/transactions?sn=tempo).


## Block Explorers

### Tempo Explorer

Tempo's official block explorer is available at [explore.tempo.xyz](https://explore.tempo.xyz). View transactions, blocks, accounts, and token activity on the Tempo network.

### Blockscout

TODO

### Tenderly

TODO

## Embedded Wallets

### Privy

[Privy](https://www.privy.io) makes it easy to onboard users with familiar login methods while giving each user a secure, self-custodial wallet behind the scenes. Developers can integrate authentication and embedded wallets in minutes, enabling smooth Tempo-native experiences without exposing users to seed phrases.

Get started by enabling Tempo support in the [Privy dashboard](https://dashboard.privy.io) and following the setup guides in the [Privy docs](https://docs.privy.io/basics/get-started/).


### Turnkey

[Turnkey](https://www.turnkey.com) provides programmable key management and non-custodial wallet infrastructure for applications that need granular signing policies and automated transaction flows. With Turnkey, developers can securely sign Tempo transactions, automate wallet operations, and build custom logic around how keys are used.

Turnkey also supports sponsor-style workflows, enabling gasless or subsidized transaction flows through configurable signing policies.

[Create your Turnkey account](https://app.turnkey.com/dashboard) and follow the [Embedded Wallet Kit quickstart](https://docs.turnkey.com/getting-started/embedded-wallet-kit) to add Turnkey-powered wallets to your Tempo app.


### Crossmint

TODO

### thirdweb

[thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com) provides a full-stack developer platform for building modern onchain applications. Developers can create wallets, deploy tokens, use blockchain-native AI tools, and integrate native internet payments—all with built-in support for Tempo. Access the Tempo Testnet via the [thirdweb dashboard](https://thirdweb.com/tempo-testnet) and explore tooling in the [Thirdweb developer docs](https://portal.thirdweb.com).

Try features live in the [thirdweb Playground](https://playground.thirdweb.com) and create an account by signing up [here](https://thirdweb.com/login).

### Dynamic

[Dynamic](https://dynamic.xyz) combines authentication, smart wallets, and key management into a flexible SDK for Tempo developers. Teams can onboard users with familiar login methods and provision Tempo-compatible wallets through Dynamic’s secure infrastructure.

Explore Tempo support in the [Dynamic dashboard](https://app.dynamic.xyz/dashboard/chains-and-networks), and create an account [here](https://www.dynamic.xyz/get-started) to start integrating Dynamic into your app.

### Para

[Para](https://getpara.com) is a comprehensive wallet and authentication suite for fintech and crypto applications. It provides flexible login methods, secure MPC-backed wallets, fast authentication, and infrastructure for automating onchain activity. Para is adding Tempo chain support so developers can easily build Tempo-enabled wallets and payment flows.

Get started by signing up through the [Para Dev Portal](https://developer.getpara.com/) and following the quickstart in the [Para docs](https://docs.getpara.com/v2/introduction/welcome).


## Smart Contract Libraries

### ZeroDev

TODO

### Safe Wallet

TODO

## Node Infrastructure

### Alchemy

With [Alchemy](https://alchemy.com), build the fastest and most reliable Tempo applications, powered by industry-leading latency, uptime, and elastic throughput. Alchemy’s global RPC infrastructure supports everything from stablecoins to tokenization and large-scale consumer apps.

Sign up through the [Alchemy dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com) and visit the [Alchemy docs](https://www.alchemy.com/docs/node#tldr) to start building.

### QuickNode

[QuickNode](https://quicknode.com) is the enterprise-grade development platform for building, scaling, and launching onchain applications with speed and reliability. Their globally optimized RPC network makes it easy to run high-performance Tempo workloads from day one.

Create an account in the [QuickNode dashboard](https://dashboard.quicknode.com/) and follow the [QuickStart guide](https://www.quicknode.com/docs/) to create your Tempo RPC endpoint.

### Blockdaemon

[Blockdaemon](https://app.blockdaemon.com/) provides institutional-grade node and API infrastructure, along with staking and MPC wallet services. Their globally distributed platform supports enterprise-scale, production workloads with strong reliability and compliance guarantees.

Sign up through the [Blockdaemon Developer Dashboard](https://app.blockdaemon.com/) and deploy a Tempo node by navigating to **Nodes & RPC → Deploy a Node**.


### Conduit

[Conduit](https://conduit.xyz) provides high-performance RPC infrastructure for Tempo Testnet. Developers can create API keys and access Tempo Testnet endpoints through the [Conduit app](https://app.conduit.xyz). 

View the Tempo Testnet RPC endpoint in the [Conduit Hub](https://hub.conduit.xyz/tempo-testnet) and learn more in the [Conduit RPC documentation](https://docs.conduit.xyz/rpc-nodes/overview).

## Security & Compliance

### Chainalysis

[Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com) delivers industry-leading on-chain intelligence, compliance, and security infrastructure. Through Hexagate, Chainalysis supports Tempo with real-time monitoring, anomaly detection, and threat insights to help developers and platforms better understand and manage on-chain risk as the ecosystem grows.

Discover how Hexagate supports Tempo [here](https://www.hexagate.com), or request a dedicated walkthrough from the Chainalysis team through their [demo form](https://www.hexagate.com/request-demo).


### Blockaid

[Blockaid](https://blockaid.io) provides real-time security infrastructure for Web3 applications. Its transaction scanning and threat detection systems identify malicious activity before users sign transactions, improving safety across wallets and interfaces.

Learn how Blockaid’s transaction scanning improves security by visiting their [overview page](https://www.blockaid.io/transaction-security), and reach out to their team [here](https://www.blockaid.io/contact) to get started.

Commit message:

docs: fixed Turnkey and added Crossmint

docs/pages/quickstart/developer-tools.mdx, after:

import LucideHammer from '~icons/lucide/hammer'
import LucideBarChart from '~icons/lucide/bar-chart'
import LucideWallet from '~icons/lucide/wallet'
import LucideServer from '~icons/lucide/server'
import LucideShield from '~icons/lucide/shield'
import LucidePackage from '~icons/lucide/package'
import LucideSearch from '~icons/lucide/search'
import * as Card from "../../components/Card.tsx"

# Developer Tools

Integrating with Tempo is easy by leveraging services provided by our infrastructure partners. These partners take advantage of Tempo transactions, TIP-20 tokens, and more. Visit their documentation for more information on how to get started.

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Query blockchain data with indexers, analytics platforms, and monitoring tools"
    href="#data--analytics"
    icon={LucideBarChart}
    title="Data & Analytics"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="View transactions, blocks, accounts, and token activity on Tempo"
    href="#block-explorers"
    icon={LucideSearch}
    title="Block Explorers"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Integrate user-friendly wallet experiences directly into your application"
    href="#embedded-wallets"
    icon={LucideWallet}
    title="Embedded Wallets"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Build with account abstraction and programmable smart contract wallets"
    href="#smart-contract-libraries"
    icon={LucideWallet}
    title="Smart Contract Libraries"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Connect to Tempo with reliable RPC endpoints and managed node services"
    href="#node-infrastructure"
    icon={LucideServer}
    title="Node Infrastructure"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Build on Tempo with official SDKs for TypeScript, Go, Foundry, and Rust"
    href="/sdk"
    icon={LucidePackage}
    title="Tempo SDKs"
  />
</Card.Container>

<Card.Notice
  icon={LucideHammer}
  title="Are you building a developer product on Tempo?"
  inline
>
  <p>Reach out to <a href="mailto:partners@tempo.xyz">get listed on this page</a>.</p>
</Card.Notice>

## Data & Analytics

### Goldsky

[Goldsky](https://goldsky.com) makes it easy to access real-time Tempo data with minimal maintenance. Goldsky offers two core products for indexing and streaming onchain data:

- **[Subgraphs](https://docs.goldsky.com/subgraphs/):** A fully backwards-compatible subgraph indexing solution that handles reorgs, RPC failures, and scaling automatically, with improved reliability and performance over traditional subgraph hosts.
- **[Mirror](https://docs.goldsky.com/mirror/):** A simple way to replicate subgraph or chain-level streams directly into your own databases or message queues, powering flexible front-end and back-end data pipelines.

Start indexing Tempo [here](https://goldsky.com/chains/tempo).


### Allium

[Allium](https://www.allium.so) is an enterprise blockchain data platform that delivers real-time, analytics-ready datasets through a unified schema across chains. Developers can fetch wallet, token, and price data in milliseconds without managing infrastructure, decoding raw data, or inferring transactions—making it easy to focus on building Tempo applications.

Get access to Tempo data through the [Allium App](https://app.allium.so/join), explore the full API in the [Allium docs](https://docs.allium.so/), and browse real examples of production apps built on Allium [here](https://docs.allium.so/api/developer/overview).


### Range

[Range](https://www.range.org) powers the Stablecoin Explorer, which provides a unified view of major stablecoins across 100+ chains. Tempo is fully supported, allowing developers and users to trace stablecoin flows in a way traditional explorers cannot.

Range stands out through:
- **Complete cross-chain visibility**, showing the entire lifecycle of a transfer in one place  
- **Enriched context**, including bridge routes, verified entities, and risk signals  
- **Built-in compliance checks** via global sanctions lists  

Explore Tempo activity in the [Stablecoin Explorer](https://explorer.money/transactions?sn=tempo).


## Block Explorers

### Tempo Explorer

Tempo's official block explorer is available at [explore.tempo.xyz](https://explore.tempo.xyz). View transactions, blocks, accounts, and token activity on the Tempo network.

### Blockscout

TODO

### Tenderly

TODO

## Embedded Wallets

### Privy

[Privy](https://www.privy.io) makes it easy to onboard users with familiar login methods while giving each user a secure, self-custodial wallet behind the scenes. Developers can integrate authentication and embedded wallets in minutes, enabling smooth Tempo-native experiences without exposing users to seed phrases.

Get started by enabling Tempo support in the [Privy dashboard](https://dashboard.privy.io) and following the setup guides in the [Privy docs](https://docs.privy.io/basics/get-started/).


### Turnkey

[Turnkey](https://www.turnkey.com) provides programmable key management and non-custodial wallet infrastructure for applications that need granular signing policies and automated transaction flows. With Turnkey, developers can securely sign Tempo transactions, automate wallet operations, and build custom logic around how keys are used.

Turnkey also supports sponsor-style workflows, enabling gasless or subsidized transaction flows through configurable signing policies.

[Create your Turnkey account](https://app.turnkey.com/dashboard) and follow the [Turnkey Embedded Wallet Kit guide](https://docs.turnkey.com/sdks/react/getting-started) to integrate embedded wallets into your Tempo app.

### Crossmint

[Crossmint](https://www.crossmint.com) is an all-in-one platform, with unified APIs for [wallets](https://docs.crossmint.com/wallets/), [stablecoin orchestration](https://docs.crossmint.com/stablecoin-orchestration/), [checkout flows](https://docs.crossmint.com/payments), and [tokenization](https://docs.crossmint.com/minting), giving developers a single interface for everything from payments to asset management on Tempo.

Crossmint delivers a gasless, seed-phrase-free UX backed by bank-grade security and compliance, along with no-code dashboards for managing programs across your team.

Set up a project in the [Crossmint console](https://crossmint.com/console) and explore the [Solution Guide](https://docs.crossmint.com/solutions/overview#fintech) tailored for payment use-cases


### thirdweb

[thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com) provides a full-stack developer platform for building modern onchain applications. Developers can create wallets, deploy tokens, use blockchain-native AI tools, and integrate native internet payments—all with built-in support for Tempo. Access the Tempo Testnet via the [thirdweb dashboard](https://thirdweb.com/tempo-testnet) and explore tooling in the [Thirdweb developer docs](https://portal.thirdweb.com).

Try features live in the [thirdweb Playground](https://playground.thirdweb.com) and create an account by signing up [here](https://thirdweb.com/login).

### Dynamic

[Dynamic](https://dynamic.xyz) combines authentication, smart wallets, and key management into a flexible SDK for Tempo developers. Teams can onboard users with familiar login methods and provision Tempo-compatible wallets through Dynamic’s secure infrastructure.

Explore Tempo support in the [Dynamic dashboard](https://app.dynamic.xyz/dashboard/chains-and-networks), and create an account [here](https://www.dynamic.xyz/get-started) to start integrating Dynamic into your app.

### Para

[Para](https://getpara.com) is a comprehensive wallet and authentication suite for fintech and crypto applications. It provides flexible login methods, secure MPC-backed wallets, fast authentication, and infrastructure for automating onchain activity. Para is adding Tempo chain support so developers can easily build Tempo-enabled wallets and payment flows.

Get started by signing up through the [Para Dev Portal](https://developer.getpara.com/) and following the quickstart in the [Para docs](https://docs.getpara.com/v2/introduction/welcome).


## Smart Contract Libraries

### ZeroDev

TODO

### Safe Wallet

TODO

## Node Infrastructure

### Alchemy

With [Alchemy](https://alchemy.com), build the fastest and most reliable Tempo applications, powered by industry-leading latency, uptime, and elastic throughput. Alchemy’s global RPC infrastructure supports everything from stablecoins to tokenization and large-scale consumer apps.

Sign up through the [Alchemy dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com) and visit the [Alchemy docs](https://www.alchemy.com/docs/node#tldr) to start building.

### QuickNode

[QuickNode](https://quicknode.com) is the enterprise-grade development platform for building, scaling, and launching onchain applications with speed and reliability. Their globally optimized RPC network makes it easy to run high-performance Tempo workloads from day one.

Create an account in the [QuickNode dashboard](https://dashboard.quicknode.com/) and follow the [QuickStart guide](https://www.quicknode.com/docs/) to create your Tempo RPC endpoint.

### Blockdaemon

[Blockdaemon](https://app.blockdaemon.com/) provides institutional-grade node and API infrastructure, along with staking and MPC wallet services. Their globally distributed platform supports enterprise-scale, production workloads with strong reliability and compliance guarantees.

Sign up through the [Blockdaemon Developer Dashboard](https://app.blockdaemon.com/) and deploy a Tempo node by navigating to **Nodes & RPC → Deploy a Node**.


### Conduit

[Conduit](https://conduit.xyz) provides high-performance RPC infrastructure for Tempo Testnet. Developers can create API keys and access Tempo Testnet endpoints through the [Conduit app](https://app.conduit.xyz). 

View the Tempo Testnet RPC endpoint in the [Conduit Hub](https://hub.conduit.xyz/tempo-testnet) and learn more in the [Conduit RPC documentation](https://docs.conduit.xyz/rpc-nodes/overview).

## Security & Compliance

### Chainalysis

[Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com) delivers industry-leading on-chain intelligence, compliance, and security infrastructure. Through Hexagate, Chainalysis supports Tempo with real-time monitoring, anomaly detection, and threat insights to help developers and platforms better understand and manage on-chain risk as the ecosystem grows.

Discover how Hexagate supports Tempo [here](https://www.hexagate.com), or request a dedicated walkthrough from the Chainalysis team through their [demo form](https://www.hexagate.com/request-demo).


### Blockaid

[Blockaid](https://blockaid.io) provides real-time security infrastructure for Web3 applications. Its transaction scanning and threat detection systems identify malicious activity before users sign transactions, improving safety across wallets and interfaces.

Learn how Blockaid’s transaction scanning improves security by visiting their [overview page](https://www.blockaid.io/transaction-security), and reach out to their team [here](https://www.blockaid.io/contact) to get started.
