docs/pages/quickstart/faucet.mdx, before:

---
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../components/guides/steps'
import * as Token from '../../components/guides/tokens'
import { Tabs } from '../../components/Tabs.tsx'


## Faucet

Get test stablecoins on Tempo testnet.

<Tabs>
  <Tabs.Tab value="Fund your wallet">

<div className="h-4" />

Connect your wallet to receive test stablecoins directly.

<div className="h-6"/>
<Demo.Container name="Connect and fund your wallet" footerVariant="balances" tokens={[Token.pathUsd, Token.alphaUsd, Token.betaUsd, Token.thetaUsd]} balanceSource="wallet">
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} />
  <Step.AddFundsToWallet stepNumber={2} />
  <Step.AddTokensToWallet stepNumber={3} />
  <Step.SetFeeToken stepNumber={4} last />
</Demo.Container>

  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab value="Fund an address">

<div className="h-4" />
Send test stablecoins to any address.

<div className="h-6"/>
<Demo.Container name="Fund an address">
  <Step.AddFundsToOthers stepNumber={1} last />
</Demo.Container>

  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

The faucet funds the following assets.

| Asset | Address |Amount|
|-------|---------|----:|
| [pathUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000` | `1M` |
| [AlphaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001` | `1M` |
| [BetaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002` | `1M` |
| [ThetaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003)   | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003` | `1M` |

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/quickstart/faucet.mdx, after:

---
title: Tempo Testnet Faucet
description: Get free test stablecoins on Tempo Testnet. Connect your wallet or enter any address to receive pathUSD, AlphaUSD, BetaUSD, and ThetaUSD.
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../components/guides/steps'
import * as Token from '../../components/guides/tokens'
import { Tabs } from '../../components/Tabs.tsx'


## Faucet

Get test stablecoins on Tempo testnet.

<Tabs>
  <Tabs.Tab value="Fund your wallet">

<div className="h-4" />

Connect your wallet to receive test stablecoins directly.

<div className="h-6"/>
<Demo.Container name="Connect and fund your wallet" footerVariant="balances" tokens={[Token.pathUsd, Token.alphaUsd, Token.betaUsd, Token.thetaUsd]} balanceSource="wallet">
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} />
  <Step.AddFundsToWallet stepNumber={2} />
  <Step.AddTokensToWallet stepNumber={3} />
  <Step.SetFeeToken stepNumber={4} last />
</Demo.Container>

  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab value="Fund an address">

<div className="h-4" />
Send test stablecoins to any address.

<div className="h-6"/>
<Demo.Container name="Fund an address">
  <Step.AddFundsToOthers stepNumber={1} last />
</Demo.Container>

  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

The faucet funds the following assets.

| Asset | Address |Amount|
|-------|---------|----:|
| [pathUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000` | `1M` |
| [AlphaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001` | `1M` |
| [BetaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002) | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002` | `1M` |
| [ThetaUSD](https://explore.tempo.xyz/address/0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003)   | `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003` | `1M` |
