docs/pages/guide/use-accounts/add-funds.mdx, before:

---
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../../components/guides/steps'
import * as Token from '../../../components/guides/tokens'

# Add Funds to Your Balance

Get test tokens to start building on Tempo testnet.

## Direct Access

You can access the faucet directly here in the docs.

<Demo.Container name="Use the Faucet" footerVariant="balances" tokens={[Token.alphaUsd, Token.betaUsd, Token.thetaUsd]} balanceSource="wallet">
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} />
  <Step.AddFundsToOthers stepNumber={2} />
</Demo.Container>


## Testnet Faucet RPC

The public testnet also offers an RPC endpoint for requesting test tokens.
The faucet endpoint is only available at the official Tempo testnet RPC endpoint.

Request test tokens using the `tempo_fundAddress` RPC method:

```bash
cast rpc tempo_fundAddress <YOUR_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```

Replace `<YOUR_ADDRESS>` with your wallet address.

## What You'll Receive

The faucet provides test stablecoins:

- **pathUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000`
- **AlphaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001`
- **BetaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002`
- **ThetaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003`

Each request drips a sufficient amount for testing and development.

## Verify Your Balance

After requesting tokens, verify your balance:

```bash
# Check AlphaUSD balance
cast erc20 balance 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001 \
  <YOUR_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/guide/use-accounts/add-funds.mdx, after:

---
title: Add Funds to Your Balance
description: Get test stablecoins on Tempo testnet using the faucet. Request pathUSD, AlphaUSD, BetaUSD, and ThetaUSD tokens for development and testing.
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../../components/guides/steps'
import * as Token from '../../../components/guides/tokens'

# Add Funds to Your Balance

Get test tokens to start building on Tempo testnet.

## Direct Access

You can access the faucet directly here in the docs.

<Demo.Container name="Use the Faucet" footerVariant="balances" tokens={[Token.alphaUsd, Token.betaUsd, Token.thetaUsd]} balanceSource="wallet">
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} />
  <Step.AddFundsToOthers stepNumber={2} />
</Demo.Container>


## Testnet Faucet RPC

The public testnet also offers an RPC endpoint for requesting test tokens.
The faucet endpoint is only available at the official Tempo testnet RPC endpoint.

Request test tokens using the `tempo_fundAddress` RPC method:

```bash
cast rpc tempo_fundAddress <YOUR_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```

Replace `<YOUR_ADDRESS>` with your wallet address.

## What You'll Receive

The faucet provides test stablecoins:

- **pathUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000000`
- **AlphaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001`
- **BetaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000002`
- **ThetaUSD** - `0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000003`

Each request drips a sufficient amount for testing and development.

## Verify Your Balance

After requesting tokens, verify your balance:

```bash
# Check AlphaUSD balance
cast erc20 balance 0x20c0000000000000000000000000000000000001 \
  <YOUR_ADDRESS> \
  --rpc-url https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz
```
