docs/pages/guide/use-accounts/connect-to-wallets.mdx, before:

---
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../../components/guides/steps'
import { ConnectWallet } from '../../../components/ConnectWallet.tsx'

# Connect to Wallets

It is possible to use Tempo with EVM-compatible wallets that support the Tempo network, 
or support adding custom networks (like MetaMask).

You can use these wallets when building your application on Tempo.

This guide will walk you through how to set up your application to connect to wallets.

<Demo.Container 
  name="Connect to Wallets" 
  footerVariant="source" 
  src="tempoxyz/tempo-ts/tree/main/examples/accounts"
>
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} last />
</Demo.Container>

## Wagmi Setup

::::steps

### Set up Wagmi

Ensure that you have set up your project with Wagmi by following the [guide](/sdk/typescript#wagmi-setup).

### Configure Wagmi

Next, let's ensure Wagmi is configured correctly to connect to wallets.

Ensure we have [`multiInjectedProviderDiscovery`](https://wagmi.sh/react/api/createConfig#multiinjectedproviderdiscovery) set to `true` to display injected browser wallets.

We can also utilize [wallet connectors](https://wagmi.sh/react/api/connectors) from Wagmi like `metaMask` to support mobile devices.

```tsx twoslash [config.ts]
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

### Display Connect Buttons

After that, we will set up "Connect" buttons so that the user can connect to their wallet.

We will create a new `ConnectWallet.tsx` component to work in.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Connect.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnect, useConnectors } from 'wagmi'

export function Connect() {
  const connect = useConnect()
  const connectors = useConnectors()

  return (
    <div>
      {connectors.map((connector) => (
        <button
          key={connector.id}
          onClick={() => connect.connect({ connector })}
          type="button"
        >
          {connector.name}
        </button>
      ))}
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

### Display Account & Sign Out

After the user has connected to their wallet, we can display the account information and a sign out button.

We will create a new `Account.tsx` component to work in.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet showAddChain={false} />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Account.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnection, useDisconnect } from 'wagmi'

export function Account() {
  const account = useConnection()
  const disconnect = useDisconnect()

  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        {account.address?.slice(0, 6)}...{account.address?.slice(-4)}
      </div>
      <button onClick={() => disconnect.disconnect()}>
        Sign out
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

### Display "Add Tempo" Button

If the wallet is not on the Tempo network, we can display a "Add Tempo" button so that the user can add the network to their wallet.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Account.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnection, useDisconnect, useSwitchChain } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains' // [!code ++]

export function Account() {
  const account = useConnection()
  const disconnect = useDisconnect()
  const switchChain = useSwitchChain() // [!code ++]

  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        {account.address?.slice(0, 6)}...{account.address?.slice(-4)}
      </div>
      <button onClick={() => disconnect.disconnect()}>
        Sign out
      </button>

      <button // [!code ++]
        onClick={() => // [!code ++]
          switchChain.switchChain({ // [!code ++]
            chainId: tempo.id, // [!code ++]
            addEthereumChainParameter: { // [!code ++]
              nativeCurrency: { // [!code ++]
                name: 'USD', // [!code ++]
                decimals: 18, // [!code ++]
                symbol: 'USD', // [!code ++]
              }, // [!code ++]
            }, // [!code ++]
          }) // [!code ++]
        } // [!code ++]
      > {/* // [!code ++] */}
        Add {chain.name} to wallet {/* // [!code ++] */}
      </button> {/* // [!code ++] */}
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

::::

## Third-Party Libraries

You can also use a third-party Wallet Connection library to handle the onboarding & connection of wallets.

Such libraries include: [Privy](https://privy.io), [ConnectKit](https://docs.family.co/connectkit), [AppKit](https://reown.com/appkit), [Dynamic](https://dynamic.xyz), and [RainbowKit](https://rainbowkit.com).

The above libraries are all built on top of Wagmi, handle all the edge cases around wallet connection.

:::warning
It is worth noting that some wallets that are included in the above libraries may not support Tempo yet. We are working on adding support for the majority of wallets.
:::

## Add to Wallet Manually

You can add Tempo testnet to a wallet that supports custom networks (e.g. MetaMask) manually. 

For example, if you are using MetaMask:

1. Open MetaMask and click on the menu in the top right and select "Networks"
2. Click "Add a custom network"
3. Enter the network details:

| **Name** | `Tempo Testnet (Moderato)` |
|-------------------|-------|
| **Currency** | `USD` |
| **Chain ID** | `42431` |
| **HTTP URL** | `https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **WebSocket URL** | `wss://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **Block Explorer** | [`https://explore.tempo.xyz`](https://explore.tempo.xyz) |

The official documentation from MetaMask on this process is also available [here](https://support.metamask.io/configure/networks/how-to-add-a-custom-network-rpc#adding-a-network-manually).

:::warning
Note that we recommend using the `symbol` "USD" for the currency symbol, despite there being no native gas token. Existing wallets like MetaMask don't natively support the Tempo network yet, so there are some quirks to the interface.
You might also need to set `nativeCurrency.decimals` to `18` instead of `6` in some wallets.
:::

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/guide/use-accounts/connect-to-wallets.mdx, after:

---
title: Connect to Wallets
description: Connect your application to EVM-compatible wallets like MetaMask on Tempo. Set up Wagmi connectors and add the Tempo network to user wallets.
mipd: true
---

import * as Demo from '../../../components/guides/Demo.tsx'
import * as Step from '../../../components/guides/steps'
import { ConnectWallet } from '../../../components/ConnectWallet.tsx'

# Connect to Wallets

It is possible to use Tempo with EVM-compatible wallets that support the Tempo network, 
or support adding custom networks (like MetaMask).

You can use these wallets when building your application on Tempo.

This guide will walk you through how to set up your application to connect to wallets.

<Demo.Container 
  name="Connect to Wallets" 
  footerVariant="source" 
  src="tempoxyz/tempo-ts/tree/main/examples/accounts"
>
  <Step.ConnectWallet stepNumber={1} last />
</Demo.Container>

## Wagmi Setup

::::steps

### Set up Wagmi

Ensure that you have set up your project with Wagmi by following the [guide](/sdk/typescript#wagmi-setup).

### Configure Wagmi

Next, let's ensure Wagmi is configured correctly to connect to wallets.

Ensure we have [`multiInjectedProviderDiscovery`](https://wagmi.sh/react/api/createConfig#multiinjectedproviderdiscovery) set to `true` to display injected browser wallets.

We can also utilize [wallet connectors](https://wagmi.sh/react/api/connectors) from Wagmi like `metaMask` to support mobile devices.

```tsx twoslash [config.ts]
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

### Display Connect Buttons

After that, we will set up "Connect" buttons so that the user can connect to their wallet.

We will create a new `ConnectWallet.tsx` component to work in.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Connect.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnect, useConnectors } from 'wagmi'

export function Connect() {
  const connect = useConnect()
  const connectors = useConnectors()

  return (
    <div>
      {connectors.map((connector) => (
        <button
          key={connector.id}
          onClick={() => connect.connect({ connector })}
          type="button"
        >
          {connector.name}
        </button>
      ))}
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

### Display Account & Sign Out

After the user has connected to their wallet, we can display the account information and a sign out button.

We will create a new `Account.tsx` component to work in.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet showAddChain={false} />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Account.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnection, useDisconnect } from 'wagmi'

export function Account() {
  const account = useConnection()
  const disconnect = useDisconnect()

  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        {account.address?.slice(0, 6)}...{account.address?.slice(-4)}
      </div>
      <button onClick={() => disconnect.disconnect()}>
        Sign out
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

### Display "Add Tempo" Button

If the wallet is not on the Tempo network, we can display a "Add Tempo" button so that the user can add the network to their wallet.

:::code-group

<div data-title="Preview">
  <ConnectWallet />
</div>

<div data-title="">
  <div />
</div>

:::

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [Account.tsx]
// @noErrors
import { useConnection, useDisconnect, useSwitchChain } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains' // [!code ++]

export function Account() {
  const account = useConnection()
  const disconnect = useDisconnect()
  const switchChain = useSwitchChain() // [!code ++]

  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        {account.address?.slice(0, 6)}...{account.address?.slice(-4)}
      </div>
      <button onClick={() => disconnect.disconnect()}>
        Sign out
      </button>

      <button // [!code ++]
        onClick={() => // [!code ++]
          switchChain.switchChain({ // [!code ++]
            chainId: tempo.id, // [!code ++]
            addEthereumChainParameter: { // [!code ++]
              nativeCurrency: { // [!code ++]
                name: 'USD', // [!code ++]
                decimals: 18, // [!code ++]
                symbol: 'USD', // [!code ++]
              }, // [!code ++]
            }, // [!code ++]
          }) // [!code ++]
        } // [!code ++]
      > {/* // [!code ++] */}
        Add {chain.name} to wallet {/* // [!code ++] */}
      </button> {/* // [!code ++] */}
    </div>
  )
}

```

```tsx twoslash [config.ts] filename="config.ts"
// @noErrors
import { createConfig, http } from 'wagmi'
import { tempoModerato } from 'viem/chains'
import { metaMask } from 'wagmi/connectors' // [!code ++]

export const config = createConfig({
  chains: [tempoModerato],
  connectors: [metaMask()], // [!code ++]
  multiInjectedProviderDiscovery: true, // [!code ++]
  transports: {
    [tempo.id]: http(),
  },
})
```

:::

::::

## Third-Party Libraries

You can also use a third-party Wallet Connection library to handle the onboarding & connection of wallets.

Such libraries include: [Privy](https://privy.io), [ConnectKit](https://docs.family.co/connectkit), [AppKit](https://reown.com/appkit), [Dynamic](https://dynamic.xyz), and [RainbowKit](https://rainbowkit.com).

The above libraries are all built on top of Wagmi, handle all the edge cases around wallet connection.

:::warning
It is worth noting that some wallets that are included in the above libraries may not support Tempo yet. We are working on adding support for the majority of wallets.
:::

## Add to Wallet Manually

You can add Tempo testnet to a wallet that supports custom networks (e.g. MetaMask) manually. 

For example, if you are using MetaMask:

1. Open MetaMask and click on the menu in the top right and select "Networks"
2. Click "Add a custom network"
3. Enter the network details:

| **Name** | `Tempo Testnet (Moderato)` |
|-------------------|-------|
| **Currency** | `USD` |
| **Chain ID** | `42431` |
| **HTTP URL** | `https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **WebSocket URL** | `wss://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz` |
| **Block Explorer** | [`https://explore.tempo.xyz`](https://explore.tempo.xyz) |

The official documentation from MetaMask on this process is also available [here](https://support.metamask.io/configure/networks/how-to-add-a-custom-network-rpc#adding-a-network-manually).

:::warning
Note that we recommend using the `symbol` "USD" for the currency symbol, despite there being no native gas token. Existing wallets like MetaMask don't natively support the Tempo network yet, so there are some quirks to the interface.
You might also need to set `nativeCurrency.decimals` to `18` instead of `6` in some wallets.
:::
