docs/pages/sdk/typescript/index.mdx, before:

import LucideWorkflow from '~icons/lucide/workflow'
import LucideNetwork from '~icons/lucide/network'
import LucideSquareStack from '~icons/lucide/square-stack'
import LucideSendToBack from '~icons/lucide/send-to-back'
import * as Card from "../../../components/Card.tsx"

# TypeScript SDKs

:::note
**Note:** `tempo.ts/chains` & `tempo.ts/viem` have been upstreamed into [Viem](https://viem.sh/tempo) as of `viem@2.43.0`. If you are using either entrypoint, please update to use `viem/chains` or `viem/tempo` instead.

[Migration Guide](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-ts/releases/tag/tempo.ts%400.12.0)
:::

Tempo distributes TypeScript SDKs for:
- [Viem](https://viem.sh): TypeScript interface for EVM blockchains
- [Wagmi](https://wagmi.sh): React Hooks (and reactive primitives) for EVM blockchains

The Tempo extensions can be used to perform common operations with the chain, such as: 
 querying the chain, sending Tempo transactions, managing tokens & their AMM pools, and more.

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Set up a Viem client to interact with Tempo"
    href="https://viem.sh/tempo"
    icon={() => (
      <>
        <img className="size-4.5 dark:hidden" src="https://viem.sh/icon-light.png" alt="Viem" />
        <img className="size-4.5 not-dark:hidden" src="https://viem.sh/icon-dark.png" alt="Viem" />
      </>
    )}
    title="Viem Setup"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Set up a Wagmi configuration with Tempo"
    href="/sdk/typescript/wagmi/setup"
    icon={() => 
      <img className="size-4.5 not-dark:invert" src="https://wagmi.sh/favicon.svg" alt="Wagmi" />
    }
    title="Wagmi Setup"
  />
</Card.Container>

:::tip

**When should I use Wagmi vs. Viem?**

- **Viem** is best suited for **libraries, tooling, servers, scripting, etc** – a low-level and stateless interface for the EVM
- **Wagmi** is best suited for **applications & wallets** – a high-level and stateful interface for the EVM (React Hooks, Vanilla JS, etc)

:::

## Viem

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Viem Actions for querying data, sending transactions, managing tokens & AMM pools, and more"
    href="https://viem.sh/tempo/actions"
    icon={LucideWorkflow}
    title="Actions"
  />
</Card.Container>

## Wagmi

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi React Hooks for building apps on Tempo"
    href="/sdk/typescript/wagmi/hooks"
    icon={LucideNetwork}
    title="Hooks"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi Connectors for connecting between wallets, apps, and Tempo"
    href="/sdk/typescript/wagmi/connectors"
    icon={LucideSquareStack}
    title="Connectors"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi Actions for querying data, sending transactions, managing tokens & AMM pools, and more"
    href="/sdk/typescript/wagmi/actions"
    icon={LucideWorkflow}
    title="Actions"
  />
</Card.Container>

Commit message:

docs: tempo.ts/wagmi -> wagmi/tempo

docs/pages/sdk/typescript/index.mdx, after:

import LucideWorkflow from '~icons/lucide/workflow'
import LucideNetwork from '~icons/lucide/network'
import LucideSquareStack from '~icons/lucide/square-stack'
import LucideSendToBack from '~icons/lucide/send-to-back'
import * as Card from "../../../components/Card.tsx"

# TypeScript SDKs

:::note
**Note:** `tempo.ts/chains` & `tempo.ts/viem` have been upstreamed into [Viem](https://viem.sh/tempo) as of `viem@2.43.0`. If you are using either entrypoint, please update to use `viem/chains` or `viem/tempo` instead.

[Migration Guide](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-ts/releases/tag/tempo.ts%400.12.0)
:::

:::note
**Note:** `tempo.ts/wagmi` has been upstreamed into [Wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/tempo) as of `wagmi@3.2.0`. If you are using either entrypoint, please update to use `wagmi/tempo` or `@wagmi/core/tempo` instead.

[Migration Guide](#TODO)
:::


Tempo distributes TypeScript SDKs for:
- [Viem](https://viem.sh): TypeScript interface for EVM blockchains
- [Wagmi](https://wagmi.sh): React Hooks (and reactive primitives) for EVM blockchains

The Tempo extensions can be used to perform common operations with the chain, such as: 
 querying the chain, sending Tempo transactions, managing tokens & their AMM pools, and more.

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Set up a Viem client to interact with Tempo"
    href="https://viem.sh/tempo"
    icon={() => (
      <>
        <img className="size-4.5 dark:hidden" src="https://viem.sh/icon-light.png" alt="Viem" />
        <img className="size-4.5 not-dark:hidden" src="https://viem.sh/icon-dark.png" alt="Viem" />
      </>
    )}
    title="Viem Setup"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Set up a Wagmi configuration with Tempo"
    href="https://wagmi.sh/tempo"
    icon={() => 
      <img className="size-4.5 not-dark:invert" src="https://wagmi.sh/favicon.svg" alt="Wagmi" />
    }
    title="Wagmi Setup"
  />
</Card.Container>

:::tip

**When should I use Wagmi vs. Viem?**

- **Viem** is best suited for **libraries, tooling, servers, scripting, etc** – a low-level and stateless interface for the EVM
- **Wagmi** is best suited for **applications & wallets** – a high-level and stateful interface for the EVM (React Hooks, Vanilla JS, etc)

:::

## Viem

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Viem Actions for querying data, sending transactions, managing tokens & AMM pools, and more"
    href="https://viem.sh/tempo/actions"
    icon={LucideWorkflow}
    title="Actions"
  />
</Card.Container>

## Wagmi

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi React Hooks for building apps on Tempo"
    href="https://wagmi.sh/tempo/hooks"
    icon={LucideNetwork}
    title="Hooks"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi Connectors for connecting between wallets, apps, and Tempo"
    href="https://wagmi.sh/tempo/connectors"
    icon={LucideSquareStack}
    title="Connectors"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Wagmi Actions for querying data, sending transactions, managing tokens & AMM pools, and more"
    href="https://wagmi.sh/tempo/actions"
    icon={LucideWorkflow}
    title="Actions"
  />
</Card.Container>
