docs/pages/sdk/go/index.mdx, before:

# Go

Tempo distributes a Go SDK for building application clients. The SDK provides packages for RPC communication, transaction signing, and key management.

The Tempo Go SDK can be used to perform common operations with the chain, such as: sending Tempo transactions, batching multiple calls, fee sponsorship, and more.


::::steps

## Install

To install the Tempo Go SDK:

```bash [go]
go get github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go@v0.1.0
```

:::tip
The SDK requires Go 1.21 or higher.
:::

## Create an RPC Client

To interact with Tempo, first create an RPC client connected to a Tempo node:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
)

func main() {
    c, err := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz") // [!code focus]
    if err != nil { // [!code focus]
        panic(err) // [!code focus]
    } // [!code focus]

    fmt.Println("Connected to Tempo")
}
```

## Create a Signer

Create a signer to sign transactions. The signer manages your private key and generates signatures:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/signer" // [!code focus]
)

func main() {
    c, _ := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz")

    s, err := signer.NewSigner("0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80") // [!code focus]
    if err != nil { // [!code focus]
        panic(err) // [!code focus]
    } // [!code focus]

    fmt.Printf("Address: %s\n", s.Address().Hex())
}
```

## Send a Transaction

Now we can build and send a transaction. Tempo transactions support batching multiple calls in a single transaction:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "math/big"

    "github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/common"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/signer"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/transaction"
)

func main() {
    c, _ := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz")
    s, _ := signer.NewSigner("0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80")

    recipient := common.HexToAddress("0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8")
    amount := new(big.Int).Mul(big.NewInt(10), big.NewInt(1e18))
    transferData := buildERC20TransferData(recipient, amount)

    // [!code focus:13]
    tx := transaction.New()
    tx.ChainID = big.NewInt(42431) // Tempo testnet
    tx.MaxFeePerGas = big.NewInt(2000000000)
    tx.MaxPriorityFeePerGas = big.NewInt(1000000000)
    tx.Gas = 100000
    tx.Calls = []transaction.Call{{
        To:    &transaction.AlphaUSDAddress,
        Value: big.NewInt(0),
        Data:  transferData,
    }}

    transaction.SignTransaction(tx, s)
    hash, _ := c.SendTransaction(tx)
    fmt.Printf("Transaction hash: %s\n", hash.Hex())
}

func buildERC20TransferData(to common.Address, amount *big.Int) []byte {
    data := make([]byte, 68)
    data[0], data[1], data[2], data[3] = 0xa9, 0x05, 0x9c, 0xbb
    copy(data[16:36], to.Bytes())
    amount.FillBytes(data[36:68])
    return data
}
```

::::

## Examples

### Batch Multiple Calls

Tempo transactions can batch multiple calls into a single transaction:

```go [batch.go]
tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431) // Tempo testnet
tx.Gas = 150000
tx.Calls = []transaction.Call{
    {To: &addr1, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: transfer1Data},
    {To: &addr2, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: transfer2Data},
    {To: &addr3, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: contractCallData},
}

transaction.SignTransaction(tx, signer)
client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

### Fee Sponsorship

Have another account pay for transaction fees using a fee payer:

```go [feepayer.go]
tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431)
transaction.SignTransaction(tx, userSigner)

transaction.AddFeePayerSignature(tx, feePayerSigner)

client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

### Transaction Validity Window

Set a time window during which the transaction is valid:

```go [validity.go]
import "time"

tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431)
tx.ValidAfter = uint64(time.Now().Unix())
tx.ValidBefore = uint64(time.Now().Add(1 * time.Hour).Unix())

transaction.SignTransaction(tx, signer)
client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

## Packages

| Package | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `transaction` | TempoTransaction encoding, signing, and validation |
| `client` | RPC client for interacting with Tempo nodes |
| `signer` | Key management and signature generation |

## Next Steps

After setting up the Go SDK, you can:

- Follow a guide on how to [use accounts](/guide/use-accounts), [make payments](/guide/payments), [issue stablecoins](/guide/issuance), [exchange stablecoins](/guide/stablecoin-dex), and [more](/).
- View the [examples on GitHub](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/tree/main/examples)

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/sdk/go/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Go SDK for Tempo
description: Build blockchain apps with the Tempo Go SDK. Send transactions, batch calls, and handle fee sponsorship with idiomatic Go code.
---

# Go

Tempo distributes a Go SDK for building application clients. The SDK provides packages for RPC communication, transaction signing, and key management.

The Tempo Go SDK can be used to perform common operations with the chain, such as: sending Tempo transactions, batching multiple calls, fee sponsorship, and more.


::::steps

## Install

To install the Tempo Go SDK:

```bash [go]
go get github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go@v0.1.0
```

:::tip
The SDK requires Go 1.21 or higher.
:::

## Create an RPC Client

To interact with Tempo, first create an RPC client connected to a Tempo node:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
)

func main() {
    c, err := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz") // [!code focus]
    if err != nil { // [!code focus]
        panic(err) // [!code focus]
    } // [!code focus]

    fmt.Println("Connected to Tempo")
}
```

## Create a Signer

Create a signer to sign transactions. The signer manages your private key and generates signatures:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/signer" // [!code focus]
)

func main() {
    c, _ := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz")

    s, err := signer.NewSigner("0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80") // [!code focus]
    if err != nil { // [!code focus]
        panic(err) // [!code focus]
    } // [!code focus]

    fmt.Printf("Address: %s\n", s.Address().Hex())
}
```

## Send a Transaction

Now we can build and send a transaction. Tempo transactions support batching multiple calls in a single transaction:

```go [main.go]
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "math/big"

    "github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/common"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/client"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/signer"
    "github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/pkg/transaction"
)

func main() {
    c, _ := client.New("https://rpc.moderato.tempo.xyz")
    s, _ := signer.NewSigner("0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80")

    recipient := common.HexToAddress("0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8")
    amount := new(big.Int).Mul(big.NewInt(10), big.NewInt(1e18))
    transferData := buildERC20TransferData(recipient, amount)

    // [!code focus:13]
    tx := transaction.New()
    tx.ChainID = big.NewInt(42431) // Tempo testnet
    tx.MaxFeePerGas = big.NewInt(2000000000)
    tx.MaxPriorityFeePerGas = big.NewInt(1000000000)
    tx.Gas = 100000
    tx.Calls = []transaction.Call{{
        To:    &transaction.AlphaUSDAddress,
        Value: big.NewInt(0),
        Data:  transferData,
    }}

    transaction.SignTransaction(tx, s)
    hash, _ := c.SendTransaction(tx)
    fmt.Printf("Transaction hash: %s\n", hash.Hex())
}

func buildERC20TransferData(to common.Address, amount *big.Int) []byte {
    data := make([]byte, 68)
    data[0], data[1], data[2], data[3] = 0xa9, 0x05, 0x9c, 0xbb
    copy(data[16:36], to.Bytes())
    amount.FillBytes(data[36:68])
    return data
}
```

::::

## Examples

### Batch Multiple Calls

Tempo transactions can batch multiple calls into a single transaction:

```go [batch.go]
tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431) // Tempo testnet
tx.Gas = 150000
tx.Calls = []transaction.Call{
    {To: &addr1, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: transfer1Data},
    {To: &addr2, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: transfer2Data},
    {To: &addr3, Value: big.NewInt(0), Data: contractCallData},
}

transaction.SignTransaction(tx, signer)
client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

### Fee Sponsorship

Have another account pay for transaction fees using a fee payer:

```go [feepayer.go]
tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431)
transaction.SignTransaction(tx, userSigner)

transaction.AddFeePayerSignature(tx, feePayerSigner)

client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

### Transaction Validity Window

Set a time window during which the transaction is valid:

```go [validity.go]
import "time"

tx := transaction.NewDefault(42431)
tx.ValidAfter = uint64(time.Now().Unix())
tx.ValidBefore = uint64(time.Now().Add(1 * time.Hour).Unix())

transaction.SignTransaction(tx, signer)
client.SendTransaction(tx)
```

## Packages

| Package | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `transaction` | TempoTransaction encoding, signing, and validation |
| `client` | RPC client for interacting with Tempo nodes |
| `signer` | Key management and signature generation |

## Next Steps

After setting up the Go SDK, you can:

- Follow a guide on how to [use accounts](/guide/use-accounts), [make payments](/guide/payments), [issue stablecoins](/guide/issuance), [exchange stablecoins](/guide/stablecoin-dex), and [more](/).
- View the [examples on GitHub](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo-go/tree/main/examples)
