docs/pages/protocol/tip403/spec.mdx, before:

# Overview

## Abstract

TIP-403 provides a policy registry system that allows TIP-20 tokens to inherit access control and compliance policies. The registry supports two types of policies (whitelist and blacklist) and includes special built-in policies for common use cases. Policies can be shared across multiple tokens, enabling consistent compliance enforcement.

## Motivation

Token issuers often need to implement compliance policies such as KYC/AML requirements, access control, and risk management. Without a standardized system, each token would need to implement its own policy logic, making policy management more difficult and inconsistent across the ecosystem.

TIP-403 addresses this by providing a centralized registry that tokens can reference for authorization decisions. This enables consistent policy enforcement across multiple tokens and reduces implementation complexity for token issuers.

---

# Specification

The TIP-403 registry stores policies that TIP-20 tokens check against on any token transfer. Policies are associated with a unique `policyId`, can either be a blacklist or a whitelist policy, and contain a list of addresses. This list of addresses can be updated by the policy `admin`.

The TIP403Registry is deployed at address `0x403c000000000000000000000000000000000000`.

## Built-in Policies

Custom policies start with `policyId = 2`. The registry reserves the first two ids for built-in policies:
- `policyId = 0` is the `always-reject` policy and rejects all token transfers
- `policyId = 1` is the `always-allow` policy and allows all token transfers

The `policyIdCounter` starts at `2` and increments with each new policy creation.

## Policy Types

TIP-403 supports two policy types:

* **Whitelist Policies:** Only addresses in the whitelist can transfer tokens. All other addresses are blocked
* **Blacklist Policies:** Addresses in the blacklist are blocked from transferring tokens. All other addresses can transfer

## Storage and State

The registry maintains the following state:

- `policyIdCounter`: Starts at `2`, increments with each new policy creation. Returns the next policy ID that will be assigned.
- `policyData`: Mapping from `policyId` to `PolicyData` struct containing policy type and admin address.
- `policySet`: Internal mapping from `policyId` to address to boolean, tracking which addresses are in each policy's set.

## Interface Definition

The complete TIP403Registry interface is defined below:

```solidity
interface ITIP403Registry {
    // =========================================================================
    //                            Types and Enums
    // =========================================================================

    enum PolicyType {
        WHITELIST,
        BLACKLIST
    }

    struct PolicyData {
        PolicyType policyType;
        address admin;
    }

    // =========================================================================
    //                         Policy Creation
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Creates a new policy with the specified admin and type
    /// @param admin Address that can modify this policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @return newPolicyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @dev Anyone can create a policy. The creator specifies an admin address that can modify the policy.
    /// Assigns the next available policyId starting from 2, sets the policy admin, and initializes an empty policy set.
    /// Emits PolicyCreated and PolicyAdminUpdated events.
    function createPolicy(
        address admin,
        PolicyType policyType
    ) external returns (uint64 newPolicyId);

    /// @notice Creates a policy and immediately adds the provided accounts to the policy set
    /// @param admin Address that can modify this policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @param accounts Initial addresses to add to the policy
    /// @return newPolicyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @dev For whitelist policies: adds accounts as authorized. For blacklist policies: adds accounts as restricted.
    /// Emits PolicyCreated, PolicyAdminUpdated, and either WhitelistUpdated or BlacklistUpdated events for each account added.
    function createPolicyWithAccounts(
        address admin,
        PolicyType policyType,
        address[] calldata accounts
    ) external returns (uint64 newPolicyId);

    // =========================================================================
    //                        Policy Administration
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Transfers admin rights to another address
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to update
    /// @param admin New admin address for the policy
    /// @dev Only the current policy admin can call this function. The new admin immediately gains full control over the policy.
    /// Emits PolicyAdminUpdated event.
    function setPolicyAdmin(uint64 policyId, address admin) external;

    /// @notice Adds or removes addresses from a whitelist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the whitelist policy
    /// @param account Address to add or remove
    /// @param allowed true to allow, false to block
    /// @dev Only the policy admin can call this function. allowed = true adds the address to the whitelist (authorized to transfer).
    /// allowed = false removes the address from the whitelist (not authorized). Reverts if policy is not a whitelist.
    /// Emits WhitelistUpdated event.
    function modifyPolicyWhitelist(
        uint64 policyId,
        address account,
        bool allowed
    ) external;

    /// @notice Adds or removes addresses from a blacklist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the blacklist policy
    /// @param account Address to add or remove
    /// @param restricted true to block, false to allow
    /// @dev Only the policy admin can call this function. restricted = true adds the address to the blacklist (not authorized to transfer).
    /// restricted = false removes the address from the blacklist (authorized). Reverts if policy is not a blacklist.
    /// Emits BlacklistUpdated event.
    function modifyPolicyBlacklist(
        uint64 policyId,
        address account,
        bool restricted
    ) external;

    // =========================================================================
    //                        Policy Queries
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Returns whether the provided user is allowed to transfer tokens under the provided policy ID
    /// @param policyId Policy ID to check against
    /// @param user Address to check
    /// @return True if authorized, false if blocked
    /// @dev For policyId = 0 (always-reject): Always returns false
    /// For policyId = 1 (always-allow): Always returns true
    /// For whitelist policies: Returns true if address is in the whitelist, false otherwise
    /// For blacklist policies: Returns true if address is NOT in the blacklist, false if it is
    function isAuthorized(uint64 policyId, address user) external view returns (bool);

    /// @notice Returns the next policy ID that will be assigned to a newly created policy
    /// @return The current policyIdCounter value
    /// @dev Starts at 2 and increments with each policy creation
    function policyIdCounter() external view returns (uint64);

    /// @notice Returns whether a policy exists
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to check
    /// @return True if the policy exists, false otherwise
    /// @dev Policy IDs 0 and 1 (built-in policies) always exist. For custom policies (ID >= 2),
    /// checks if the policy ID is within the range of created policies based on policyIdCounter.
    function policyExists(uint64 policyId) external view returns (bool);

    /// @notice Returns the policy type and admin address of the policy associated with the provided policy ID
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to query
    /// @return policyType Type of the policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @return admin Admin address of the policy
    function policyData(uint64 policyId) external view returns (PolicyType policyType, address admin);

    // =========================================================================
    //                                Events
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Emitted when a new policy is created
    /// @param policyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @param updater Address that created the policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy created
    event PolicyCreated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        PolicyType policyType
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when a policy's admin is changed
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param admin New admin address
    event PolicyAdminUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed admin
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when an address is added to or removed from a whitelist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the whitelist policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param account Account that was added or removed
    /// @param allowed true if added, false if removed
    event WhitelistUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed account,
        bool allowed
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when an address is added to or removed from a blacklist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the blacklist policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param account Account that was added or removed
    /// @param restricted true if blocked, false if unblocked
    event BlacklistUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed account,
        bool restricted
    );

    // =========================================================================
    //                                Errors
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Caller is not the policy admin
    error Unauthorized();

    /// @notice Wrong policy type for the operation
    error IncompatiblePolicyType();
}
```

## Usage with TIP-20 Tokens

TIP-20 tokens store the current TIP403 registry policy ID they adhere to in their storage. On any token transfer, they perform a TIP-403 policy check by calling `isAuthorized()` for both sender and recipient addresses. The policy to use for the token can only be set by the admin of the token.

**Default Policy:** New tokens start with `transferPolicyId = 1` (always-allow policy).

**Policy Changes:** When a token's transfer policy is changed via `changeTransferPolicyId()`, all future transfers are immediately subject to the new policy.

### Example Usage

Creating and setting a policy:

```solidity
address admin = address(this);

// Create policy with registry
uint64 policyId = tip403Registry.createPolicy(admin, PolicyType.WHITELIST);

// Add authorized addresses to whitelist
tip403Registry.modifyPolicyWhitelist(policyId, authorizedUser, true);

// Set policy on the token
token.changeTransferPolicyId(policyId);
```

## Authorization Logic

The `isAuthorized()` function implements the following logic:

```solidity
if (policyId < 2) {
    return policyId == 1; // 0 = reject, 1 = allow
}
PolicyData memory data = policyData[policyId];
return data.policyType == PolicyType.WHITELIST
    ? policySet[policyId][user]
    : !policySet[policyId][user];
```

# Invariants
- When policyId = 0, all authorization checks must return false for every address.
- When policyId = 1, all authorization checks must return true for every address.
- Only the policy’s current admin may update the admin address for that policy.

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/protocol/tip403/spec.mdx, after:

---
title: TIP-403 Policy Registry Specification
description: Technical specification for TIP-403, the policy registry system enabling whitelist and blacklist access control for TIP-20 tokens on Tempo.
---

# Overview

## Abstract

TIP-403 provides a policy registry system that allows TIP-20 tokens to inherit access control and compliance policies. The registry supports two types of policies (whitelist and blacklist) and includes special built-in policies for common use cases. Policies can be shared across multiple tokens, enabling consistent compliance enforcement.

## Motivation

Token issuers often need to implement compliance policies such as KYC/AML requirements, access control, and risk management. Without a standardized system, each token would need to implement its own policy logic, making policy management more difficult and inconsistent across the ecosystem.

TIP-403 addresses this by providing a centralized registry that tokens can reference for authorization decisions. This enables consistent policy enforcement across multiple tokens and reduces implementation complexity for token issuers.

---

# Specification

The TIP-403 registry stores policies that TIP-20 tokens check against on any token transfer. Policies are associated with a unique `policyId`, can either be a blacklist or a whitelist policy, and contain a list of addresses. This list of addresses can be updated by the policy `admin`.

The TIP403Registry is deployed at address `0x403c000000000000000000000000000000000000`.

## Built-in Policies

Custom policies start with `policyId = 2`. The registry reserves the first two ids for built-in policies:
- `policyId = 0` is the `always-reject` policy and rejects all token transfers
- `policyId = 1` is the `always-allow` policy and allows all token transfers

The `policyIdCounter` starts at `2` and increments with each new policy creation.

## Policy Types

TIP-403 supports two policy types:

* **Whitelist Policies:** Only addresses in the whitelist can transfer tokens. All other addresses are blocked
* **Blacklist Policies:** Addresses in the blacklist are blocked from transferring tokens. All other addresses can transfer

## Storage and State

The registry maintains the following state:

- `policyIdCounter`: Starts at `2`, increments with each new policy creation. Returns the next policy ID that will be assigned.
- `policyData`: Mapping from `policyId` to `PolicyData` struct containing policy type and admin address.
- `policySet`: Internal mapping from `policyId` to address to boolean, tracking which addresses are in each policy's set.

## Interface Definition

The complete TIP403Registry interface is defined below:

```solidity
interface ITIP403Registry {
    // =========================================================================
    //                            Types and Enums
    // =========================================================================

    enum PolicyType {
        WHITELIST,
        BLACKLIST
    }

    struct PolicyData {
        PolicyType policyType;
        address admin;
    }

    // =========================================================================
    //                         Policy Creation
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Creates a new policy with the specified admin and type
    /// @param admin Address that can modify this policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @return newPolicyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @dev Anyone can create a policy. The creator specifies an admin address that can modify the policy.
    /// Assigns the next available policyId starting from 2, sets the policy admin, and initializes an empty policy set.
    /// Emits PolicyCreated and PolicyAdminUpdated events.
    function createPolicy(
        address admin,
        PolicyType policyType
    ) external returns (uint64 newPolicyId);

    /// @notice Creates a policy and immediately adds the provided accounts to the policy set
    /// @param admin Address that can modify this policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @param accounts Initial addresses to add to the policy
    /// @return newPolicyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @dev For whitelist policies: adds accounts as authorized. For blacklist policies: adds accounts as restricted.
    /// Emits PolicyCreated, PolicyAdminUpdated, and either WhitelistUpdated or BlacklistUpdated events for each account added.
    function createPolicyWithAccounts(
        address admin,
        PolicyType policyType,
        address[] calldata accounts
    ) external returns (uint64 newPolicyId);

    // =========================================================================
    //                        Policy Administration
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Transfers admin rights to another address
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to update
    /// @param admin New admin address for the policy
    /// @dev Only the current policy admin can call this function. The new admin immediately gains full control over the policy.
    /// Emits PolicyAdminUpdated event.
    function setPolicyAdmin(uint64 policyId, address admin) external;

    /// @notice Adds or removes addresses from a whitelist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the whitelist policy
    /// @param account Address to add or remove
    /// @param allowed true to allow, false to block
    /// @dev Only the policy admin can call this function. allowed = true adds the address to the whitelist (authorized to transfer).
    /// allowed = false removes the address from the whitelist (not authorized). Reverts if policy is not a whitelist.
    /// Emits WhitelistUpdated event.
    function modifyPolicyWhitelist(
        uint64 policyId,
        address account,
        bool allowed
    ) external;

    /// @notice Adds or removes addresses from a blacklist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the blacklist policy
    /// @param account Address to add or remove
    /// @param restricted true to block, false to allow
    /// @dev Only the policy admin can call this function. restricted = true adds the address to the blacklist (not authorized to transfer).
    /// restricted = false removes the address from the blacklist (authorized). Reverts if policy is not a blacklist.
    /// Emits BlacklistUpdated event.
    function modifyPolicyBlacklist(
        uint64 policyId,
        address account,
        bool restricted
    ) external;

    // =========================================================================
    //                        Policy Queries
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Returns whether the provided user is allowed to transfer tokens under the provided policy ID
    /// @param policyId Policy ID to check against
    /// @param user Address to check
    /// @return True if authorized, false if blocked
    /// @dev For policyId = 0 (always-reject): Always returns false
    /// For policyId = 1 (always-allow): Always returns true
    /// For whitelist policies: Returns true if address is in the whitelist, false otherwise
    /// For blacklist policies: Returns true if address is NOT in the blacklist, false if it is
    function isAuthorized(uint64 policyId, address user) external view returns (bool);

    /// @notice Returns the next policy ID that will be assigned to a newly created policy
    /// @return The current policyIdCounter value
    /// @dev Starts at 2 and increments with each policy creation
    function policyIdCounter() external view returns (uint64);

    /// @notice Returns whether a policy exists
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to check
    /// @return True if the policy exists, false otherwise
    /// @dev Policy IDs 0 and 1 (built-in policies) always exist. For custom policies (ID >= 2),
    /// checks if the policy ID is within the range of created policies based on policyIdCounter.
    function policyExists(uint64 policyId) external view returns (bool);

    /// @notice Returns the policy type and admin address of the policy associated with the provided policy ID
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy to query
    /// @return policyType Type of the policy (whitelist or blacklist)
    /// @return admin Admin address of the policy
    function policyData(uint64 policyId) external view returns (PolicyType policyType, address admin);

    // =========================================================================
    //                                Events
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Emitted when a new policy is created
    /// @param policyId ID of the newly created policy
    /// @param updater Address that created the policy
    /// @param policyType Type of policy created
    event PolicyCreated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        PolicyType policyType
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when a policy's admin is changed
    /// @param policyId ID of the policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param admin New admin address
    event PolicyAdminUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed admin
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when an address is added to or removed from a whitelist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the whitelist policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param account Account that was added or removed
    /// @param allowed true if added, false if removed
    event WhitelistUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed account,
        bool allowed
    );

    /// @notice Emitted when an address is added to or removed from a blacklist policy
    /// @param policyId ID of the blacklist policy
    /// @param updater Address that made the change
    /// @param account Account that was added or removed
    /// @param restricted true if blocked, false if unblocked
    event BlacklistUpdated(
        uint64 indexed policyId,
        address indexed updater,
        address indexed account,
        bool restricted
    );

    // =========================================================================
    //                                Errors
    // =========================================================================

    /// @notice Caller is not the policy admin
    error Unauthorized();

    /// @notice Wrong policy type for the operation
    error IncompatiblePolicyType();
}
```

## Usage with TIP-20 Tokens

TIP-20 tokens store the current TIP403 registry policy ID they adhere to in their storage. On any token transfer, they perform a TIP-403 policy check by calling `isAuthorized()` for both sender and recipient addresses. The policy to use for the token can only be set by the admin of the token.

**Default Policy:** New tokens start with `transferPolicyId = 1` (always-allow policy).

**Policy Changes:** When a token's transfer policy is changed via `changeTransferPolicyId()`, all future transfers are immediately subject to the new policy.

### Example Usage

Creating and setting a policy:

```solidity
address admin = address(this);

// Create policy with registry
uint64 policyId = tip403Registry.createPolicy(admin, PolicyType.WHITELIST);

// Add authorized addresses to whitelist
tip403Registry.modifyPolicyWhitelist(policyId, authorizedUser, true);

// Set policy on the token
token.changeTransferPolicyId(policyId);
```

## Authorization Logic

The `isAuthorized()` function implements the following logic:

```solidity
if (policyId < 2) {
    return policyId == 1; // 0 = reject, 1 = allow
}
PolicyData memory data = policyData[policyId];
return data.policyType == PolicyType.WHITELIST
    ? policySet[policyId][user]
    : !policySet[policyId][user];
```

# Invariants
- When policyId = 0, all authorization checks must return false for every address.
- When policyId = 1, all authorization checks must return true for every address.
- Only the policy’s current admin may update the admin address for that policy.
