docs/pages/guide/node/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'vocs/components'

import LucideServer from '~icons/lucide/server'
import LucideHardDrive from '~icons/lucide/hard-drive'
import LucideDownload from '~icons/lucide/download'
import LucidePlay from '~icons/lucide/play'
import * as Card from "../../../components/Card.tsx"

# Tempo Node

Running a Tempo node allows you to interact with the network directly, providing your own RPC access or contributing to network infrastructure. Nodes provide JSON-RPC API access for applications, explorers, and wallets but do not participate in consensus.

## Getting Started

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Hardware and software requirements for running a node"
    href="/guide/node/system-requirements"
    icon={LucideHardDrive}
    title="System Requirements"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Download and install the Tempo node software"
    href="/guide/node/installation"
    icon={LucideDownload}
    title="Installation"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Configure and run a full RPC node"
    href="/guide/node/usage"
    icon={LucidePlay}
    title="Running an RPC Node"
  />
</Card.Container>

<Callout type="info">
  Validator onboarding requires coordination with the Tempo team. Reach out to us if you are interested.
</Callout>

Commit message:

Add info on supported platforms

docs/pages/guide/node/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'vocs/components'

import LucideServer from '~icons/lucide/server'
import LucideHardDrive from '~icons/lucide/hard-drive'
import LucideDownload from '~icons/lucide/download'
import LucidePlay from '~icons/lucide/play'
import * as Card from "../../../components/Card.tsx"

# Tempo Node

Running a Tempo node allows you to interact with the network directly, providing your own RPC access or contributing to network infrastructure. Nodes provide JSON-RPC API access for applications, explorers, and wallets but do not participate in consensus.

## Supported Platforms

Prebuilt binaries are available for:
- **Linux** (x86_64 and ARM64) - requires glibc ≥ 2.38
- **macOS** (ARM64)

## Getting Started

<Card.Container>
  <Card.Link
    description="Hardware and software requirements for running a node"
    href="/guide/node/system-requirements"
    icon={LucideHardDrive}
    title="System Requirements"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Download and install the Tempo node software"
    href="/guide/node/installation"
    icon={LucideDownload}
    title="Installation"
  />
  <Card.Link
    description="Configure and run a full RPC node"
    href="/guide/node/usage"
    icon={LucidePlay}
    title="Running an RPC Node"
  />
</Card.Container>

<Callout type="info">
  Validator onboarding requires coordination with the Tempo team. Reach out to us if you are interested.
</Callout>
