docs/pages/guide/node/installation.mdx, before:

# Installation

We provide three different installation paths - installing a pre-built binary, building from source or using our provided Docker image.

## Versions

The versions across networks may not be compatible, as such, please consult the table below on what version for what network you should be running.

| Network  | Version |
|----------|---------|
| Andantino  | v0.8.2 |
| Moderato | v1.0.0-rc.1 |

## Pre-built Binary

```bash /dev/null/download.sh#L1-4
curl -L https://tempo.xyz/install | bash
tempo --version
```

To update Tempo in the future, simply run `tempoup`.

## Build from Source

```bash /dev/null/build.sh#L1-10
# Install Rust
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
source $HOME/.cargo/env

# Build and install from source using cargo
cargo install --git https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo.git tempo --root /usr/local
tempo --version
```

## Docker

You can find the latest tagged version of Tempo at [the Tempo GHCR package](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo/pkgs/container/tempo).

```bash /dev/null/docker.sh#L1-4
# Pull the latest Docker image
docker pull ghcr.io/tempoxyz/tempo:<version>

# Run the Docker container
docker run -d --name tempo ghcr.io/tempoxyz/tempo:<version> --version
docker logs tempo
```

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/guide/node/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Install the Tempo Node
description: Install Tempo node using pre-built binaries, build from source with Rust, or run with Docker. Get started in minutes with tempoup.
---

# Installation

We provide three different installation paths - installing a pre-built binary, building from source or using our provided Docker image.

## Versions

The versions across networks may not be compatible, as such, please consult the table below on what version for what network you should be running.

| Network  | Version |
|----------|---------|
| Andantino  | v0.8.2 |
| Moderato | v1.0.0-rc.1 |

## Pre-built Binary

```bash /dev/null/download.sh#L1-4
curl -L https://tempo.xyz/install | bash
tempo --version
```

To update Tempo in the future, simply run `tempoup`.

## Build from Source

```bash /dev/null/build.sh#L1-10
# Install Rust
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
source $HOME/.cargo/env

# Build and install from source using cargo
cargo install --git https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo.git tempo --root /usr/local
tempo --version
```

## Docker

You can find the latest tagged version of Tempo at [the Tempo GHCR package](https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo/pkgs/container/tempo).

```bash /dev/null/docker.sh#L1-4
# Pull the latest Docker image
docker pull ghcr.io/tempoxyz/tempo:<version>

# Run the Docker container
docker run -d --name tempo ghcr.io/tempoxyz/tempo:<version> --version
docker logs tempo
```
