docs/pages/guide/node/rpc.mdx, before:

# Running an RPC Node

RPC nodes provide API access to the Tempo network without participating in consensus. These nodes currently observe and sync with the network's latest state.

By default, RPC nodes will be in archive mode, meaning they do not prune historical
state.

## Quick Start

```bash /dev/null/quickstart.sh#L1-15
# Download snapshot (this will help you sync much faster)
tempo download

# Run node
tempo node \
  --follow \
  --http --http.port 8545 \
  --http.api eth,net,web3,txpool,trace
```

## Manually downloading snapshots

Daily snapshots for the persistent testnet can be found at [https://snapshots.tempoxyz.dev](https://snapshots.tempoxyz.dev). You can extract them either using
`tempo download --url <snapshot_url>` or downloading them manually and extracting them using `curl <snapshot_url> | lz4 -d | tar -xzf -`.

## Example Systemd Service

```bash /dev/null/systemd.sh#L1-55
sudo tee /etc/systemd/system/tempo.service > /dev/null <<EOF
[Unit]
Description=Tempo RPC Node
After=network.target
Wants=network.target

[Service]
Type=simple
User=$USER
Group=$USER
Environment=RUST_LOG=info
WorkingDirectory=$HOME/tempo
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/tempo node \\
  --datadir <datadir> \\
  --follow \\
  --port 30303 \\
  --discovery.addr 0.0.0.0 \\
  --discovery.port 30303 \\
  --http \\
  --http.addr 0.0.0.0 \\
  --http.port 8545 \\
  --http.api eth,net,web3,txpool,trace \\
  --metrics 9000 \\

Restart=always
RestartSec=10
StandardOutput=journal
StandardError=journal
SyslogIdentifier=tempo
LimitNOFILE=infinity

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
EOF

# Enable and start
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable tempo
sudo systemctl start tempo

# Check status
sudo systemctl status tempo

# View logs
sudo journalctl -u tempo -f
```

## Monitoring

Once you've set up your node (whether it's with Systemd or Docker), you can verify that it's running correctly using these commands (`cast` requires installation of [Foundry](/sdk/foundry)):

```bash /dev/null/monitor.sh#L1-11
# Check service status
sudo systemctl status tempo

# Check peer connections (should be non-zero)
cast rpc net_peerCount --rpc-url http://localhost:8545

# Check block height (should be steadily increasing)
cast block-number --rpc-url http://localhost:8545
cast block --rpc-url http://localhost:8545

# Search logs
sudo journalctl -u tempo -n 1000 | grep -i "error"
```

In a production setting, you should monitor the [Reth metrics port](https://reth.rs/run/monitoring) using a tool like Prometheus or Grafana.

Commit message:

docs: add dynamic SEO metadata to all pages
- Add baseUrl, ogImageUrl with template variables, and titleTemplate to vocs.config.tsx
- Create /api/og.tsx endpoint for dynamic OG image generation using @vercel/og
- Add title and description frontmatter to all 88 MDX pages
- Update AGENTS.md with SEO requirements for new pages
- Remove hardcoded OG meta tags in favor of Vocs' dynamic generation

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019bb666-aed3-73ce-aff7-1cd93e66029b
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

docs/pages/guide/node/rpc.mdx, after:

---
title: Run a Tempo RPC Node
description: Set up and run a Tempo RPC node for API access. Download snapshots, configure systemd services, and monitor node health and sync status.
---

# Running an RPC Node

RPC nodes provide API access to the Tempo network without participating in consensus. These nodes currently observe and sync with the network's latest state.

By default, RPC nodes will be in archive mode, meaning they do not prune historical
state.

## Quick Start

```bash /dev/null/quickstart.sh#L1-15
# Download snapshot (this will help you sync much faster)
tempo download

# Run node
tempo node \
  --follow \
  --http --http.port 8545 \
  --http.api eth,net,web3,txpool,trace
```

## Manually downloading snapshots

Daily snapshots for the persistent testnet can be found at [https://snapshots.tempoxyz.dev](https://snapshots.tempoxyz.dev). You can extract them either using
`tempo download --url <snapshot_url>` or downloading them manually and extracting them using `curl <snapshot_url> | lz4 -d | tar -xzf -`.

## Example Systemd Service

```bash /dev/null/systemd.sh#L1-55
sudo tee /etc/systemd/system/tempo.service > /dev/null <<EOF
[Unit]
Description=Tempo RPC Node
After=network.target
Wants=network.target

[Service]
Type=simple
User=$USER
Group=$USER
Environment=RUST_LOG=info
WorkingDirectory=$HOME/tempo
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/tempo node \\
  --datadir <datadir> \\
  --follow \\
  --port 30303 \\
  --discovery.addr 0.0.0.0 \\
  --discovery.port 30303 \\
  --http \\
  --http.addr 0.0.0.0 \\
  --http.port 8545 \\
  --http.api eth,net,web3,txpool,trace \\
  --metrics 9000 \\

Restart=always
RestartSec=10
StandardOutput=journal
StandardError=journal
SyslogIdentifier=tempo
LimitNOFILE=infinity

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
EOF

# Enable and start
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable tempo
sudo systemctl start tempo

# Check status
sudo systemctl status tempo

# View logs
sudo journalctl -u tempo -f
```

## Monitoring

Once you've set up your node (whether it's with Systemd or Docker), you can verify that it's running correctly using these commands (`cast` requires installation of [Foundry](/sdk/foundry)):

```bash /dev/null/monitor.sh#L1-11
# Check service status
sudo systemctl status tempo

# Check peer connections (should be non-zero)
cast rpc net_peerCount --rpc-url http://localhost:8545

# Check block height (should be steadily increasing)
cast block-number --rpc-url http://localhost:8545
cast block --rpc-url http://localhost:8545

# Search logs
sudo journalctl -u tempo -n 1000 | grep -i "error"
```

In a production setting, you should monitor the [Reth metrics port](https://reth.rs/run/monitoring) using a tool like Prometheus or Grafana.
