docs/pages/guide/node/system-requirements.mdx, before:

# System Requirements

These are the minimum and recommended system requirements for running a validator/RPC node.
It is likely, that the nodes will not require as much resources at the beginning of the chain,
but we still highly recommend to follow the recommended specifications. This will allow for future growth and scalability.

## RPC Node

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **CPU** | 8 cores | 16+ cores |
| **RAM** | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| **Storage** | 250 GB SSD | 500 GB NVMe |
| **Network** | 500 Mbps | 1 Gbps |

## Validator Node

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **CPU** | 8 cores | 16+ cores |
| **RAM** | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| **Storage** | 100 GB NVMe | 1 TB NVMe |
| **Network** | 1 Gbps | 1 Gbps |

## Ports

| Port | Protocol | Purpose | Expose |
|------|----------|---------|--------|
| 30303 | TCP/UDP | Execution P2P | Public |
| 8000 | TCP | Consensus P2P | Validators only |
| 8545 | TCP | HTTP RPC | Optional |
| 8546 | TCP | WebSocket RPC | Optional |
| 9000 | TCP | Metrics | Internal |

Commit message:

Update docs: clarify glibc requirement for Linux binaries
Added Linux system requirements and glibc version check.

docs/pages/guide/node/system-requirements.mdx, after:

# System Requirements

These are the minimum and recommended system requirements for running a validator/RPC node.
It is likely, that the nodes will not require as much resources at the beginning of the chain,
but we still highly recommend to follow the recommended specifications. This will allow for future growth and scalability.

### Linux

The current prebuilt `tempo` Linux binaries (≥v0.8.0) are dynamically linked against glibc ≥ 2.38.

You can check your glibc version with:

```bash
ldd --version
```

This means:
- Ubuntu 22.04 (glibc 2.35) is **not supported** for the prebuilt binaries Ubuntu 24.04+ is required
- Or optionally use any of the following Installation way 
  -  `Docker` 
  -  `Build from source on older distributions`

## RPC Node

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **CPU** | 8 cores | 16+ cores |
| **RAM** | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| **Storage** | 250 GB SSD | 500 GB NVMe |
| **Network** | 500 Mbps | 1 Gbps |

## Validator Node

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **CPU** | 8 cores | 16+ cores |
| **RAM** | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| **Storage** | 100 GB NVMe | 1 TB NVMe |
| **Network** | 1 Gbps | 1 Gbps |

## Ports

| Port | Protocol | Purpose | Expose |
|------|----------|---------|--------|
| 30303 | TCP/UDP | Execution P2P | Public |
| 8000 | TCP | Consensus P2P | Validators only |
| 8545 | TCP | HTTP RPC | Optional |
| 8546 | TCP | WebSocket RPC | Optional |
| 9000 | TCP | Metrics | Internal |
